I love to type crazy stuff.*- from Alphabet, a other by Valikor
Even good people are great at making bad decisions.*- from Nate, a song by NF
We must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.*- 14 Words
All I really want is something beautiful to say.*- from Words as Weapons, a song by Seether
There is something about yourself that you don't know.*- from Revolver, a movie by Guy Ritchie
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.*- from Postal 2, a game by Running With Scissors
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.*- from Wonderwall, a song by Oasis
There will come a time when all of us are dead.*- from The Fault in Our Stars, a book by John Green
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.*- from Yellow Submarine, a song by The Beatles
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.*- from The End, a song by The Beatles
Things we can't see affect our lives much more than we think.*- from Money Heist, a other by Alex Pina
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.*- from It's No Good, a song by Depeche Mode
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live.*- from Out of Africa, a movie by Sydney Pollack
They don't know that we know they know we know.*- from Friends, a other by David Crane and Marta Kauffman
This is the second most tragic thing to happen in my life...*- from Lisa, a game by Dingaling Productions
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?*- from Name, a song by The Goo Goo Dolls
You can't use the fire exit because you're not made of fire.*- from Undertale, a game by U&I Entertainment
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.*- from I Am the Walrus, a song by The Beatles
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.*- from Life of Pi, a book by Yann Martel
Anything is edible if you deep fry it long enough.*- from The Amazing World of Gumball, a other by Mic Graves
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for.*- from High For This, a song by The Weeknd
When we remember we only get a version of the last time we remember it.*- from Chlorine, a song by Trophy Eyes
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.*- from Wonderwall, a song by Oasis
What I am trying to say is the love is ours to make so we should make it.*- from Bed Peace, a song by Jhen Aiko
I'm sure there are things you know that you don't even know you know.*- from UnSouled, a book by Neal Shusterman
You can't convince me what I want and what I need are separate things.*- from Wants / Needs, a song by Touch Amor
If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family...*- from Breaking Bad, a other by Vince Gilligan
Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.*- from The October Country, a book by Ray Bradbury
Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.*- from It's Kind of a Funny Story, a book by Ned Vizzini
No one really knows why they're alive until they know what they'd die for.*- from Modern Warfare, a game by Activision
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.*- from The Republic, a book by Plato
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows.*- from Subterranean Homesick Blues, a song by Bob Dylan
He misses the time he had with you. I miss the time I didn't have.*- from The Night Diary, a book by Veera Hiranandani
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.*- from The Man in the High Castle, a book by Philip K. Dick
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.*- from That's Life: Wild Wit & Wisdom, a book by Bonnie Louise Kuchler
Leave something for someone but don't leave someone for something.*- from Five on a Hike Together, a book by Enid Blyton
After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.*- from Vile Bodies, a book by Evelyn Waugh
In the midst of friends, home, and kind parents, she was alone.*- from Vanity Fair, a book by William Makepeace Thackeray
You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.*- from The Road, a book by Cormac McCarthy
Make sure you marry someone who laughs at the same things you do.*- from The Catcher in the Rye, a book by J. D. Sallinger
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little.*- from Il Canzoniere, a poem by Petrarch, translated by Unknown
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that.*- from Meditations to Heal Your Life, a book by Louise Hay
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.*- from Twilight, a book by Stephenie Meyer
Sometimes the world as you know it just decides to become something else.*- from The Night Diary, a book by Veera Hiranandani
If you think anyone is sane you just don't know enough about them.*- from Practical Demonkeeping, a book by Christopher Moore
There is nothing a man cannot do once he accepts the fact that there is no god.*- from Don't Breathe, a movie by Fede Alvarez
You should never, never doubt something that no one is sure of.*- from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, a book by Roald Dahl
I just want to be able to stand up straight for a little while before I get cut down.*- from Solipsist, a book by Henry Rollins
This truth holds me close, rocking me like a child in a mother's arms.*- from Children of Blood and Bone, a book by Tomi Adeyemi
For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow.*- from In Search of Lost Time, a book by Marcel Proust
They don't know our world but they know their own.*- from The Wire, a other by Ed Burns, David Mills, George Pelecanos, David Simon
I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up.*- from Iron Man, a movie by Jon Favreau
Those who have made something of their lives will always look at those who haven't as clowns.*- from Joker, a movie by Todd Phillips
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.*- from Great Expectations, a book by Charles Dickens
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.*- from One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish, a book by Dr. Seuss
I'd tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.*- from Infinite Jest, a book by David Foster Wallace
Are you trying to impress me? What would impress me more is if you never did that again.*- from Portal 2, a game by Valve Corporation
Have you ever thought that if you can go back in time, you might still make the same decisions?*- from Money Heist, a other by Alex Pina
If you have to ask you will never know, if you know you need only ask.*- from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, a movie by David Yates
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.*- from Kung Fu Panda, a movie by Mark Osborne, John Stevenson
We know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.*- from Silvertongue, a book by Charlie Fletcher
Now is the time for resting. Some things are ill to hear when the world's in shadow.*- from The Lord of The Rings, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you can with just a kind word.*- from Civilization IV, a game by Sid Meier
Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.*- from Portal, a game by Valve Corporation
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.*- from The Lord of The Rings, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.*- from Dracula, a book by Bram Stoker
It's easy not to abuse your power when you don't actually have any power.*- from Inside The Mind of an Introvert, a book by Oliver Markus Malloy
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.*- from Notes to the Future: Words of Wisdom, a book by Nelson Mandela
The people with ideas have no power and the people with power have no ideas.*- from 5,001 Wisdom Quotations of Mike Murdock, a book by Mike Murdock
The horrors of the Inquisition are nothing compared to the fates your mind can imagine for your loved ones.*- from The Mist, a book by Stephen King
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.*- from Their Eyes Were Watching God, a book by Zora Neale Hurston
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.*- from The Fault in Our Stars, a book by John Green
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.*- from Genesis 2:24 (NKJV), a book by God
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.*- from Green Eyes, a song by Coldplay
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.*- from Anna Karenina, a book by Leo Tolstoy
If you didn't have me to rake you over the coals now and then, there wouldn't be any fire in your life at all.*- from Heart-Shaped Box, a book by Joe Hill
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.*- from V for Vendetta, a book by Warner Home Video
I am not a religious man, but every now and then, a child comes along who makes me believe in the existence of Satan.*- from Shameless, a other by John Wells
What's the point of having great knowledge and keeping it all to yourself?*- from Why We Want You To Be Rich: Two Meh, One Message, a book by Donald J. Trump
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.*- from Stay Ready, a song by Jhene Aiko
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.*- from One Hundred Years of Solitude, a book by Gabriel Garca Mrquez
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.*- from What it Takes to Make More Money than Your Parents, a book by Nick Tart and Nick Scheidies
Sometimes we get so wrapped up in getting what we want, that we forget to ask ourselves why we wanted it in the first place.*- from Shameless, a other by John Wells
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?*- from Georgia, a song by Vance Joy
What you don't have you don't need it now. What you don't know you can feel it somehow. What you don't have you don't need it now.*- from Beautiful Day, a song by U2
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.*- from P.S. I Love You, a book by H. Jackson Brown Jr.
We all require devotion to something more than ourselves for our lives to be endurable.*- from Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End, a book by Atul Gawande
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.*- from End of the begining, a other by Winston S. Churchill
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.*- from Democracy in America, a book by Alexis de Tocqueville
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you might find you get what you need.*- from You Can't Always Get What You Want, a song by The Rolling Stones
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.*- from The Magician's Nephew, a book by C.S. Lewis
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.*- from The Life of Samuel Johnson, a book by James Boswell
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.*- from Teach the Short Words First, a book by Martin R. Carbone, Matthew R. Carbone
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.*- from Teach the Short Words First, a book by Martin R. Carbone, Matthew R. Carbone
There's no reason a fake can't do what the real thing would. And it's possible for a fake to be more real than the real thing.*- from Monogatari Series, a book by Nishio Ishin
If actions speak louder than words I'm the most deafening noise you've heard. I'll be that ringing in your ears that will stick around for years.*- from ~, a song by Touch Amor
This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.*- from The Lord of The Rings, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
You can always build a shrine to all the terrible things in the world, but it doesn't mean that you have to destroy anything that is good.*- from Hereditary, a movie by Ari Aster
A few minutes ago, I almost made the biggest mistake of my professional life and it was because I was doing something that just wasn't me.*- from Cheers, a other by James Burrows
People have the right to think and say whatever they want to. But you have the right not to take it to heart, and not to react.*- from Dr. Phil Getting Real, a book by Phil McGraw
Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good.*- from Meditations, a book by Marcus Aurelius
I've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be.*- from Anna Karenina, a book by Leo Tolstoy
His ear heard more than what was said to him, and his slow speech had overtones not of thought, but of understanding beyond thought.*- from Of Mice and Men, a book by John Steinbeck
Things didn't turn out the way they're supposed to, but what can you do? You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.*- from Life of Pi, a book by Yann Martel
When everyone else was thinking it was time for bed, his mind was telling him it's time to get ahead of the competition.*- from The Mamba Mentality: How I Play, a book by Kobe Bryant
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.*- from Digital Heretic (The Game is Life Book 2), a book by Terry Schott
If you continue to do what you've always done, you will continue to have what you've always had.*- from The 20/20 Diet: Turn Your Weight Loss Vision Into Reality, a book by Phil McGraw
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.*- from When Harry Met Sally, a movie by Nora Ephron
Well, we used to look up in the sky and wonder at our place in the stars. Now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt.*- from Interstellar, a movie by Christopher Nolan
For as it is not one swallow or one fine day that makes a spring, so it is not one day or a short time that makes a man blessed and happy.*- from Nicomachean Ethics, a book by Aristotle
I've got a cupboard with cans of food, filtered water, and pictures of you, and I'm not coming out until this is all over.*- from We Will Become Silhouettes, a song by The Postal Service
They had taken it all away from him now, they had turned away from him and there was nothing for him now. He was alone and there was nothing for him.*- from Hatchet, a book by Gary Paulsen
It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade.*- from Great Expectations, a book by Charles Dickens
A book can give you an experience of someone's life in a few hours, and this is far more profitable than any sale that's going on.*- from In The Name Of Blasphemy, a book by Neeraj Agnihotri
Sometimes the briefest moments capture us, force us to take them in, and demand that we live the rest of our lives in reference to them.*- from Autobiography of a Face, a book by Lucy Grealy
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.*- from The Sociopath Next Door, a book by Martha Stout
When I need to find something out, I just go out and look for somebody that knows more than me, and I go and ask them. Sometimes I ask pretty hard.*- from Sin City, a movie by Robert Rodriguez
In a business like this the people with the power are the ones that have the understanding of what's going on, not necessarily the ones on top.*- from Triumph of the Nerds, a movie by Paul Sen
Let us learn to appreciate there will be times when the trees will be bare, and look forward to the time when we may pick the fruit.*- from The Stories of Anton Chekhov, a book by Anton Chekhov
People are screwed up in this world. I'd rather be with someone screwed up and open about it than somebody perfect and ready to explode.*- from It's Kind of a Funny Story, a book by Ned Vizzini
I hope it is true that a man can die and yet not only live in others but give them life, and not only life but that great consciousness of life.*- from A Life on the Road, a book by Jack Kerouac
But I really believe that there are more good people on this earth than bad people, and the good people watch out for each other and take care of each other.*- from Wonder, a book by R.J. Palacio
But her brain was not interested in the future. Loaded with the past and hungry for more, it left her no room to imagine, let alone plan for, the next day.*- from Beloved, a book by Tony Morrison
Mind is not in any one place. Every cell in this body has its own intelligence. The brain is sitting in your head, but mind is all over the place.*- from Mind is Your Business, a book by Sadhguru
Stop the world and let me off, I'm tired of going round and round. I played the game of love and lost. So stop the world and let me off.*- from Stop The World And let Me Off, a song by Patsy Cline
Your memory is the glue that binds your life together.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
Cleaning your house while kids are around is like shoveling the walk while it's still snowing.*- from Funny Quotes: Slightly Twisted Words of Wisdom & Other Funny Sayings, a book by Michelle Jenkins
I can't believe the things I see. The path that I have chosen now has led me to a wall, and with each passing day I feel a little more like something dear was lost.*- from The Wall, a song by Kansas
Certain things, they should stay the way they are. You ought to be able to stick them in one of those big glass cases and just leave them alone.*- from The Catcher in the Rye, a book by J. D. Salinger
I pray every night that I may live after him; because I would rather be miserable than that he should be - that proves I love him better than myself.*- from Wuthering Heights, a book by Emily Bront
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.*- from The Catcher in the Rye, a book by J. D. Salinger
I think reality is thin, you know, thin as lake ice after a thaw, and we fill our lives with noise and light and motion to hide that thinness from ourselves.*- from Bag of Bones, a book by Stephen King
I never came to the beach or stood by the ocean, I never sat by the shore under the sun with my feet in the sand, but you brought me here and I'm happy that you did.*- from Malibu, a song by Miley Cyrus
Sometimes it takes heart to write about a thing, doesn't it? To let that thing out of the room way in the back of your mind and put it up there on the screen.*- from Gerald's Game, a book by Stephen King
Try to understand men, if you understand each other you will be kind to each other. Knowing a man well never leads to hate and nearly always leads to love.*- from Of Mice and Men, a book by John Steinbeck
It's not a question but a lesson learned in time. It's something unpredictable, but in the end it's right. I hope you had the time of your life.*- from Good Riddance (Time of Your Life), a song by Green Day
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
For all those times you stood by me, for all the truth that you made me see, for all the joy you brought to my life, for all the wrong that you made right.*- from Because You Loved Me, a song by Cline Dion
We were sent here for something. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose.*- from A Wrinkle in Time, a book by Madeleine L'Engle
If he stayed at home and carried on with his normal life he would be a thousand times superior to these people and could get any of them out of his way just with a kick.*- from The Trial, a book by Franz Kafka
I don't want to talk about it! Every time I think about something nice, you remind me of bad things. I only want to talk about the nice things.*- from What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, a movie by Robert Aldrich
The person that has the most to do with what happens to you is you!*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.*- from Avatar: The last Airbender, a other by Bryan Konietzko
One of the great conditions of anger and hatred is, that you must tell and believe lies against the hated object, in order, as we said, to be consistent.*- from Vanity Fair, a book by William Makepeace Thackeray
I used to dread getting older because I thought I would not be able to do all the things I wanted to do, but now that I'm older I find that I don't want to do them.*- from Ender's Game, a book by Orson Scott Card
There are mysteries to the universe we were never meant to solve, but who we are and why we are here, are not among them, those answers we carry inside.*- from Transformers: Age of Extinction, a movie by Michael Bay
It had never occurred to him until then to think that literature was the best plaything that had ever been invented to make fun of people...*- from One Hundred Years of Solitude, a book by Gabriel Garca Mrquez
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance, for a break that would make it okay. There's always some reason to feel not good enough and it's hard at the end of the day.*- from Angel, a song by Sarah McLachlan
See, when you mess something up, you learn for the next time. It's when people compliment you that you're in trouble. That means they expect you to keep it up.*- from It's Kind of a Funny Story, a book by Ned Vizzini
You must learn from the mistakes of others because you can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.*- from Funny Quotes: Slightly Twisted Words of Wisdom & Other Funny Sayings, a book by Michelle Jenkins
If you don't know what you want, how are you going to know when you get it?*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
I swear, there is nothing in the world my mother is better at than getting someone to agree to something that in any other universe, they would never ever consider.*- from Gilmore Girls, a other by Amy Sherman-Palladino
I want to be very small, and I want you to put me in your pocket, and I wanna stay there and you can just reach in whenever you want and just pat me on the head.*- from Star vs. the Forces of Evil, a other by Daron Nefcy
Think of what you're saying, you can get it wrong and still you think that it's alright. Think of what I'm saying, we can work it out and get it straight or say good night.*- from We Can Work It Out, a song by The Beatles
I remember how you said that sometimes it gets just a little hard being home. There's sand stuck in my bed and memories in my head, love, I've been trying to let this whole thing go.*- from Runaway, a song by Ziggy Alberts
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.*- from Doing Research in Emergency and Acute Care: Making Order Out of Chaos, a book by Michael P. Wilson, Kama Z. Guluma, Stephen R. Hayden.
It seems to me you lived your life like a candle in the wind, never knowing who to cling to when the rain set in. And I would have liked to have known you but I was just a kid.*- from Candle In The Wind, a song by Elton John
When you lose the ones you love, you might find it hard to cry. Until it's only you and everybody else has left the room, you might feel what it's like to not know how to feel.*- from Never Enough, a song by Rex Orange County
Doubting someone is not necessarily a bad thing, because it is something that you do to get to know the person better. What is really bad is not being concerned at all.*- from Liar Game - Roots of A, a book by Kaitani Shinobu
Yeah it's you, you're the one that makes me feel right. I've been in love with her for ages and I can't seem to get it right. I fell in love with her in stages my whole life.*- from Me and You Together Song, a song by The 1975
You are what you are and you are where you are because of what has gone into your mind. You change what you are and you change where you are by changing what goes into your mind.*- from See You at the Top, a book by Zig Ziglar
She was feeling the pressure of the world outside and she wanted to see him and feel his presence beside her and be reassured that she was doing the right thing after all.*- from The Great Gatsby, a book by F. Scott Fitzgerald
Some say better things will come our way. No matter what they try to say, you were always there for me. Some way, when the sun begins to shine, I hear a song from another time and fade away.*- from Someday, a song by Sugar Ray
There is only one wish on my mind: when this day is through I hope that I will find that tomorrow will be just the same for you and me. All I need will be mine if you are here.*- from Top of the World, a song by The Carpenters
I can take you for a ride on my big green tractor, we can go slow or make it go faster, down through the woods and out to the pasture, long as I'm with you it really don't matter.*- from Big Green Tractor, a song by Jason Aldean
A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while.*- from American Pie, a song by Don McLean
If you can hear this, you're alone. The only thing left of me is the sound of my voice. I don't know if any of us made it. So let me tell you who we were. And how we fought back.*- from Person of Interest, a other by Jonathan Nolan
There is freedom in coming and going for no other reason than because you can. There is freedom in choosing to sit and be still when everything is always telling you to move, move fast.*- from The Poet X, a book by Elizabeth Acevedo
The light and the dark the big and the small. Just keep in mind you need no more at all. You've seen what you were and know what you'll be. You've seen it all, there is no more to see.*- from I've Seen It All Lyrics, a song by Bjork
You know when I was a kid I always wanted to be a cowboy, and now knowing I'm going to spend my future in the past sounds like a wonderful way to spend my retirement years.*- from Back to the Future Part III, a movie by Robert Zemeckis
The worst part of having someone tell you about their vacation is trying to pretend you're happy for them, because no one wants to hear about all the fun they didn't have.*- from Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Getaway, a book by Jeff Kinney
I love the ground under his feet, and the air over his head, and everything he touches and every word he says. I love all his looks, and all his actions and him entirely and all together.*- from Wuthering Heights, a book by Emily Bront
Yeah, they got you where they want you. There's a better life and you think about it, don't you? It's a rich man's game no matter what they call it and you spend your life putting money in his wallet.*- from 9 to 5, a song by Dolly Parton
Late into the night I write and the pages of my notebook swell from all the words I've pressed onto them. It almost feels like the more I bruise the page the quicker something inside me heals.*- from The Poet X, a book by Elizabeth Acevedo
A body has one more kind of pull. This pull is such that it will want to stay put all the time. And the more mass it has, the more it will want to stay put.*- from Teach the Short Words First, a book by Martin R. Carbone, Matthew R. Carbone
Something in the wind has learned my name and it's telling me that things are not the same. In the leaves on the trees and the touch of the breeze there's a pleasing sense of happiness for me.*- from Top of the World, a song by The Carpenters
So, let me be honest... making money is not like I thought it would be. This business kills the part of life that is essential: the part that has nothing to do with business.*- from The Big Short, a movie by Charles Randolphand and Adam McKay
There comes a time when we heed a certain call, when the world must come together as one. There are people dying and it's time to lend a hand to life, the greatest gift of all.*- from We Are The World, a song by Lionel Richie, Michael Jackson
It feels scary to talk, because once the words are out, you can't put them back in. But if you write words and they don't come out the way you want them to, you can erase them and start over.*- from The Night Diary, a book by Veera Hiranandani
The hills are alive with the sound of music, with songs they have sung for a thousand years. The hills fill my heart with the sound of music. My heart wants to sing every song it hears.*- from The Sound of Music, a song by Oscar Hammerstein II
Was it all put into words, or did both understand that they had the same thing at heart and in their minds, so that there was no need to speak of it aloud, and better not to speak of it?*- from Crime and Punishment, a book by Fyodor Dostoyevsky
We look not at the things which are what you would call seen, but at the things which are not seen. For the things which are seen are temporal. But the things which are not seen are eternal.*- from A Wrinkle in Time, a book by Madeleine L'Engle
If you lie and pretend that you like them, you're fine. But if you tell them the truth, you get fired, you can't afford food, and you get shanked for cutting in line at the soup kitchen. And then you die.*- from Atypical, a other by Robia Rashid
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try. You're going to kick yourself in the butt for the rest of your life if you don't.*- from What it Takes to Make More Money than Your Parents, a book by Nick Tart and Nick Scheidies
It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, I want to spend each moment of the day with you. Look what has happened with just one kiss, I never knew that I could be in love like this.*- from I Only Want To Be With You, a song by Vonda Shepard
Maybe, the only thing that has to make sense about being somebody's friend is that you help them be their best self on any given day. That you give them a home when they don't want to be in their own.*- from The Poet X, a book by Elizabeth Acevedo
When it's coming at you like monsters in the night, and you feel the danger that makes you want to hide; when the cards are stacked against you and you're standing on the edge: now's the time.*- from Each Other, a song by Notaker feat. Eric Lumiere
I don't know, you're made of metal, but you have feelings... and that means you have a soul, and souls don't die... Mom says it's something inside of all good things, and that it goes on forever and ever.*- from The Iron Giant, a movie by Brad Bird
There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.*- from Leaves of Grass, a book by Walt Whitman
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
She sits in a corner by the door. There must be more I can tell her if she really wants me to help her. I'll do what I can to show her the way, and maybe one day I will free her, though I know no one can see her.*- from Sad Lisa, a song by Cat Stevens
I don't think I was wrong to have held on to my secrets for all those years, and I don't think I was wrong to have told them now. Circumstances changed, and once they changed, I changed my mind as well.*- from The Book of Illusions, a book by Paul Auster
When someone is crying, of course, the noble thing to do is to comfort them. But if someone is trying to hide their tears, it may also be noble to pretend you do not notice them.*- from Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid, a book by Lemony Snicket
For the times when we're apart, well, then close your eyes and know these words are coming from my heart and then if you can remember in good times and bad times I'll be on your side forevermore.*- from That's What Friends Are For, a song by Burt Bacharach
How can you tell me that you're lonely and say for you that the sun don't shine? Let me take you by the hand and lead you through the streets of London. I'll show you something to make you change your mind.*- from The Streets Of London, a song by Ralph McTell
What I really lived for were those evenings when you were alone, and I pretended you were playing just for me. And though you didn't know it, you were giving me some of the happiest hours of my life.*- from Letter from an Unknown Woman, a book by Stefan Zweig
I know it's a mistake. But there are certain things in life where you know it's a mistake, but you don't really know it's a mistake, because the only way to really know it's a mistake is to make the mistake.*- from How I Met Your Mother, a other by Carter Bays
He spent six hours examining things, trying to find a difference from their appearance on the previous day in the hope of discovering in them some change that would reveal the passage of time.*- from One Hundred Years of Solitude, a book by Gabriel Garca Mrquez
In the casino, the cardinal rule is to keep them playing and to keep them coming back. The longer they play, the more they lose, and in the end, we get it all. Running a casino is like robbing a bank with no cops around.*- from Casino, a movie by Martin Scorsese
Educators say that understanding is the key to learning, but how do you understand something if you can't remember it.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
Adios rock band that we loved the most, this is a toast to what you did, and all that you were fighting for. Who could do more, when time marches on? Words come and go, we will sing the melodies that you did long ago.*- from Eulogy For A Rock Band, a song by Weezer
I had been right, I was still right, I was always right. I had lived my life one way and I could just as well have lived it another. I had done this and I hadn't done that. I hadn't done this thing but I had done another.*- from The Stranger, a book by Albert Camus
Then we saw him pick up all the things that were down. He picked up the cake, and the rake, and the gown, and the milk, and the strings, and the books, and the dish, and the fan, and the cup, and the ship, and the fish.*- from The Cat in the Hat, a book by Dr. Seuss
Any man who has the brains to think and the nerve to act for the benefit of the people of the country is considered a radical, by those who are content with stagnation and willing to endure disaster.*- from Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood, a other by Hiromu Arakawa
Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise.*- from Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, a book by Lewis Carroll
And the game was over and the player woke up from the dream. And the player began a new dream. And the player dreamed again, dreamed better. And the player was the universe. And the player was love. You are the player. Wake up.*- from End Poem, a game by Julian Gough
In every war, there are calms between storms. There will be days when you lose faith in some of us, days when our allies turn against us, but the day will never come if we forsake this planet and its people.*- from Transformers: Dark of the Moon, a movie by Michael Bay
You must love your work, and not be always looking over the edge of it, wanting your play to begin. And the other is, you must not be ashamed of your work, and think it would be more honorable to you to be doing something else.*- from Middlemarch, a book by George Eliot
When you meet the right person, you know it. You can't stop thinking about them. They are your best friend, and your soulmate. You can't wait to spend the rest of your life with them. No one and nothing else can compare.*- from How I Met Your Mother, a other by Pamela Fryman
I was once like you are now, and I know that it's not easy to be calm when you've found something going on. But take your time, think a lot. I think of everything you've got, for you will still be here tomorrow but your dreams may not.*- from Father and Son, a song by Cat Stevens
That was what I wanted, but I don't need it to be gone. I can love you and I can love life and bear the pain all at the same time. I think the pain might even make the rest better, the way a good setting can make a diamond look better.*- from Needful Things, a book by Stephen King
Thinking you know everything there is to know about something will only hold you back, because it prevents you from learning anything new.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
I have lived my life to the best of my ability. But I have not been able to escape fate, anger, or pain. Bring me the answers and the road that leads to the truth. Reveal to me once and for all, how all of this will end.*- from Assassins Creed Revelations, a game by Ubisoft Montreal
I don't want my thoughts to die with me, I want to have done something. I'm not interested in power, or piles of money. I want to leave something behind. I want to make a positive contribution - know that my life has meaning.*- from Animals in Translation, a book by Catherine Johnson
And I will say that we should take a day to break away from all the pain our brain has made, the game is not played alone. And I will say that we should take a moment and hold it and keep it frozen and know that life has a hopeful undertone.*- from Migraine, a song by Twenty one pilots
People aren't as complex as you think they are. They're simple, and they get sad or angry over simple things. That's how they are. They're quickly affected by the littlest things and live without knowing where they're going to fall down.*- from Death Parade, a other by Yuzuru Tachikawa
And as we wind on down the road, our shadows taller than our soul, there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last.*- from Stairway to Heaven, a song by Led Zeppelin
For centuries, the battle of morality was fought between those who claimed that your life belongs to God and those who claimed that it belongs to your neighbors. And no one came to say that your life belongs to you and that the good is to live it.*- from Atlas Shrugged, a book by Ayn Rand
The thing about a story is that you dream it as you tell it, hoping that others might then dream along with you, and in this way memory and imagination and language combine to make spirits in the head. There is the illusion of aliveness.*- from The Things They Carried, a book by Tim O'Brien
Well, no need to brood on what tomorrow may bring. For one thing, tomorrow will be certain to bring worse than today, for many days to come. And there is nothing more that I can do to help it. The board is set, and the pieces are moving.*- from The Lord of The Rings, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
You never should settle for the lifetime that is handed to you. There's always a line to be cut and someone to barrel through. And if you should find that you're about to get the short of the stick, take what you want, return what you get.*- from Feast Or Famine, a song by Starkid Productions
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.*- from The Silmarillion, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
But of bliss and glad life there is little to be said, before it ends; as works fair and wonderful, while they still endure for eyes to see, are ever their own record, and only when they are in peril and broken for ever do they pass into song.*- from The Silmarillion, a book by J.R.R. Tolkien
I don't care who you are, where you're from, what you did, as long as you love me. Every little thing that you have said and done feels like it's deep within me. Doesn't really matter if you're on the run, it seems like we're meant to be.*- from As Long as You Love Me, a song by Backstreet Boys
What difference does it make? Because in the end, when you lose somebody, every candle, every prayer is not going to make up for the fact that the only thing you have left is a hole in your life where that somebody that you cared about used to be.*- from The Vampire Diaries, a other by Rob Hardy
The great breakthrough in your life comes when you realize that you can learn anything you need to learn to accomplish any goal that you set for yourself.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
Someone sits on the shore and tells him how the waves have been there long before Bill existed, and that they'd still be there long after he's gone. Bill looks out at the water and thinks of all the wonderful things he will do with his life.*- from It's Such a Beautiful Day, a movie by Don Hertzfeldt
There were people who lied for gain, people who lied from pain, people who lied simply because the concept of telling the truth was utterly alien to them... and then there were people who lied because they were waiting for it to be time to tell the truth.*- from Needful Things, a book by Stephen King
Take time to really think about your excuses and write them down. These are the same excuses that you always use to stop yourself from learning something new.*- from Unlimited Memory: How to Use Advanced Learning Strategies to Learn Faster, Remember More and Be More Productive, a book by Kevin Horsley
Look at the sky, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise. Look at your mind, and ask yourself what keeps you trapped inside. Look at the lights, they follow you when you run and hide. Look at the sky, the sun won't ask, the sun won't ask the world if it can rise.*- from Reasons, a song by Project 46
And I think how hope may be the thing that pulls you forward, may be the thing that keeps you going, but that it's dangerous, too, that it's painful and risky, that it's making a dare to the world and when has the world ever let us win a dare?*- from The Knife of Never Letting Go, a book by Patrick Ness
Well, you told me I have a plethora. And I just would like to know if you know what a plethora is. I would not like to think that a person would tell someone he has a plethora, and then find out that that person has no idea what it means to have a plethora.*- from Three Amigos!, a movie by John Landis
I took my morning walk, I took my evening walk, I ate something, I thought about something, I wrote, I napped and dreamt something too, and with all that something, I still have nothing because so much of something has always been and always will be you.*- from House of Leaves, a book by Mark Z. Danielewski
I never wanted that. Of course, it's one thing not to want something; it's another to be told you can't have it. I guess it's just nice knowing that you could someday do it if you change your mind. But now, all of a sudden, that door is closed.*- from How I Met Your Mother, a other by Carter Bays, Craig Thomas
By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked this way comes. So vague, yet so immense. He did not want to live with it. Yet he knew that, during this night, unless he lived with it very well, he might have to live with it all the rest of his life.*- from Something Wicked This Way Comes, a book by Ray Bradbury
Monsters come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them are things people are scared of. Some of them are things that look like things people used to be scared of a long time ago. Sometimes monsters are things people should be scared of, but they aren't.*- from The Ocean at the End of the Lane, a book by Neil Gaiman
If you come to a river and find a boat at the edge, you will use that boat and it will serve you well, but once across the river, do you put the boat on your shoulders and carry it with you on the rest of your journey?*- from Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal, a book by Christopher Moore
I know just how to whisper and I know just how to cry. I know just where to find the answers and I know just how to lie. I know just how to fake it and I know just how to scheme. I know just when to face the truth and then I know just when to dream.*- from Making Love Out of Nothing At All, a song by Jim Steinman
I thought: That is the fear. I have lost something important, and I cannot find it, and I need it. It is fear like if someone lost his glasses and went to the glasses store and they told him that the world had run out of glasses and he would just have to do without.*- from Looking For Alaska, a book by John Green
This is the song I will sing to you when you're old and tired. I will sing it to remind you that I'm old beside you. And if you're tired of hearing my voice I'm gonna sing it to you anyway 'cause I know that if we made it this far those differences have been put away.*- from Don't Go Home Without Me, a song by Lights
I'm just going to turn through a few things. When we go out during the day we like to stick to groups of two, just for safety. The red door, it's the only way in and out of the house. That stays closed and locked all the time. I have the keys, this is the only set.*- from It Comes at Night, a movie by Trey Edward Shults
Some people pass through your life and you never think about them again. Some you think about and wonder what ever happened to them. Some you wonder if they ever wonder what happened to you. And then there are some you wish you never had to think about again. But you do.*- from The Wonder Years, a other by Neal Marlens and Carol Black
There's never been a true war that wasn't fought between two sets of people who were certain they were in the right. The really dangerous people believe they are doing whatever they are doing solely and only because it is without question the right thing to do. And that is what makes them dangerous.*- from American Gods, a book by Neil Gaiman
I do this thing where I think I'm really sick, but I won't go to the doctor to find out about it, because they make you stay real still in a real small place, as they chart up your insides and put them on display. They'd see all of it. All of me. All the good that won't come out of me.*- from The Good That Won't Come Out of Me, a song by Rilo Kiley
She did not tell them to clean up their lives, or go and sin no more. She did not tell them they were the blessed of the earth, its inheriting meek, or its glory-bound pure. She told them that the only grace they could have is the grace they could imagine. That if they could not see it, they could not have it.*- from Beloved, a book by Tony Morrison
In this world everything is governed by balance. There's what you stand to gain and what you stand to lose. And in this moment they think they have nothing to lose. And when you believe you've got nothing to lose, you're overconfident. We will be the ones that are going to show them just how much they have to lose.*- from Money Heist, a other by Alex Pina
When you are painting you should take a flat mirror and often look at your work within it, and it will then be seen in reverse, and will appear to be by the hand of some other master, and you will be better able to judge of its faults than in any other way.*- from The Notebooks of Leonardo, a book by Vinci by Leonardo da Vinci, translated by Edward McCurdy
There are those who say that life is like a book, with chapters for each event in your life and a limited number of pages on which you can spend your time. But I prefer to think that a book is like a life, particularly a good one, which is well worth staying up all night to finish.*- from Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid, a book by Lemony Snicket
To make power, people try to put pieces of this metal close enough together that they make heat fast, but not so close that they go out of control and blow up. This is very hard, but there is so much heat and power stored in this metal that some people have wanted to try anyway.*- from Thing Explainer: Complicated Stuff in Simple Words, a book by Randall Munroe
Growing up to be a mommy is one of the most wonderful things a little girl can want to do but there are other things in life she can do as well. For instance, she can work her head off and show all those arrogant boys that she's just as capable and intelligent and creative as any little stud around!*- from 40: A Doonesbury Retrospective, a book by Garry Trudeau
I think if you don't really like a girl, you shouldn't horse around with her at all, and if you do like her, then you're supposed to like her face, and if you like her face, you ought to be careful about doing crumby stuff to it, like squirting water all over it. It's really too bad that so much crumby stuff is a lot of fun sometimes.*- from The Catcher in the Rye, a book by J. D. Sallinger
We now know that most of the stars in the sky have worlds around them, but we don't know if there's life on those worlds. We know there's life on our own world, but that doesn't tell us whether life is normal or not. Maybe life is a very strange thing that got started only once, and none of the other worlds have anyone on them to wonder about this question.*- from Thing Explainer: Complicated Stuff in Simple Words, a book by Randall Munroe